Support custom attributes on summary list action links (#1372)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

🆕 New features:

- Support custom attributes on summary list action links

>   The `attributes: {}` pattern can now be used to add `id` or `data-attr` attributes to summary list action links.

Reviewer: Somewhat minor, but this is oddly specific in that it makes it sound a little bit like attributes can only be used for `id` / `data-*` attributes, when actually it can be used for any attributes.

How about something like:

```suggestion
  You can now use the `attributes` macro option to add additional HTML attributes to summary list action links.
```

?

Author: Sounds good to me, I've added it
